Moving FAQ Registering for a Galaxy account (#3327)
galaxyproject/training-material: faqs/galaxy/galaxy_creating_an_account.md

---
title: How to create an account on a public Galaxy instance?
area: Account
layout: faq
box_type: tip
contributors: [jennaj, bernandez]
---

1. To create an account at any public Galaxy instance, choose your server from the available [list of Galaxy Platform](https://galaxyproject.org/use/).

>  There are 3 public  Galaxy servers, which are [UseGalaxy.eu](https://usegalaxy.eu/), [UseGalaxy.org (Main)](https://usegalaxy.org/) and [UseGalaxy.org.au](https://usegalaxy.org.au/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 There are 3 main public Galaxy servers: [UseGalaxy.org](https://usegalaxy.org/), [UseGalaxy.eu](https://usegalaxy.eu/), and [UseGalaxy.org.au](https://usegalaxy.org.au/).
```

Reviewer: @bernandez please look here, there are suggestions not applied, you can click on "Commit suggestion" and get it done...

> 3. Click on "Login or Register" in the masthead on the server. When logged in, a User menu becomes available that is specific to your account.

Reviewer: you skipped number 2  :)

Author: Ohh sorry for this :)

> 4. Please make sure your registered account email address is valid so you can confirm your new account, and our administrative support team can contact/reply to you when needed. Account email addresses are case sensitive. 

Reviewer: What about changing the phrasing of this step so that it becomes an action? For example: `Check your email and confirm your new account...` we could also merge it with 5. As it is now, number 4 is more a "note" than an action and we could put it at the end.

Author: Yes I think it will precise and straight to the point. Kindly have a look at the changes we made.

---
title: How to create an account on a public Galaxy instance?
area: Account
layout: faq
box_type: tip
contributors: [jennaj, bernandez]
---

> 1 To create an account at any public Galaxy instance, choose your server from the available [Galaxy Platform](https://galaxyproject.org/use/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To create an account at any public Galaxy instance, choose your server from the available [list ofGalaxy platforms](https://galaxyproject.org/use/).
```

> 2 Choose the server you would like to create an account on. There are 3 Galaxy servers, which are [UseGalaxy.eu](https://usegalaxy.eu/), [UseGalaxy.org (Main)](https://usegalaxy.org/) and 

Reviewer: those are **public** servers, there many others

  [UseGalaxy.org.au](https://usegalaxy.org.au/).

> 3 Click on "Login or Register" in the masthead. When logged in, a User menu becomes available that is specific to your account.

Reviewer: for each item of the numbered list, you need a "." after the number
